the peta for the crisis
capanema sale here peteleco do
bulgar wheat and it is this light pilots
antônio son of the top model teach neighbor
left back to fucking Obina
is back in the video for fact they
come to life in morals for epic ruby
but it was a question if the problem is what
I was going to tell you from now on.
While I was talking, how many words did you speak?
Sometimes you've lost your touch.
Valued at this guy he likes it.
fucking commented positively and
negatively to Iporá tamo together but I will
until I start recording straight into this damn thing.
wanted to start this video that
They talk especially about the guys team
Holder told your ass spoke of
Altars sent look 4 just because I
I spoke badly of nixon luiz antônio and
balance plate up to when
is that the mano computer that I did not
I remembered the name of the guy from so bad
I would like to know why
fan can speak his team game
the guy was in the cupuaçu of supporter
you can pay the vts on duty at the door
maracanã he could watch a game that
agents are luís antônio simone a
this can pay fan supporter pays may
Greece and won by 10, but also
I wanted to leave a message for the farm.
who said that the sum that was
four families in freedom in
keep taking that band's fault
Do not give a fright, and you
I have to stop while dating a
Dude, what's wrong with me, can you?
with pity if military scale house with the
drummer playing peeled I still had
ridiculous fed decision is on
fucking punished lust the guy can not talk to
face truth now he's already fucked
thought if I was punished all over the
It's true that I say this fucking thing here
Look, man, get 50 years in jail.
minimum looks want to leave a bar taking
It was very peaceful, thanks to those.
Faces of the ferj fucking band of fagot paf
damage because she has not done anything too
to tell the truth the year that accepts
Criticism seems to hurt even though it may
put a news I read now at the point
with the gunsmith you can arrive until Friday
he gets to the neighborhood is in the moral and the
stop for the bank you correct me if
I 'm wrong but I think your friend
already the right side if it was nothing
This fucking thing I'm talking about and pretending
It is better that the Paraguayan will be in
anywhere in the field even in the goal I
I was seeing this g base selections in
Flemish in recent years is connected
I decided to make the selection of catfish
morning so let's start at the very goal
in the afternoon and is the worst one I've seen in
Flemish is generating Flemish goal
everything worse since I was born Flemish
has goalkeeper spike it is possible to think
overcome that pure plays in central defense for
get very quiet and I'll put Moses
Irineu go through the tranquility nailed
I'll put the rodrigo next to him.
magal for good with two sides that
I do not think I can cash
trauma it just because I even think
they are left handed it appears that there are ten
Portuguese pouring out
also not in 2d pushes on my
balance I want to give 5 is already connected
direct to play the role of any
because it does nothing in the aerial game of
hiss will come breaking the window me
delivered hunting type he loves me without
skill to the casino has more ability
It's better than the silva in the middle of the field.
up to a lot of the concerned class of the alert
on the face that made me see how much
the Kabbalah back in a climate in the kind of
play and come back and educated that
consistency on the side but without any
accusation was up so
different cause of current ugly football
You will already have a worldwide face loses
ball will not lose to adopt on
I 'm fucking playing in the classic 4 3 3
I'm connected, I'm going to put the Christian
date and denis marques in the attack is
connected only from hulk attacker already passing
hunger and help make the three divisions
smaller fucking only one shit player already
passing that type let's start with
political will I want you to do the
selection of noise from you connected 11
players and boat there jica that you
how I'll give it a read whatever
stop me for until the day bruno mezenga
walter worm of hyogo val baiano
Joseph in
peralta vander carioca is so many people that
it was here that today is 5 team now
I keep talking about the shit I already
played in Flemish stay until the week that
Come on, it's all connected to that guy. Who?
like this fucking there y'know short
fucking share there on the page the
page also potomac 58 mil tan from there
I'm going to the 100 thousand street connected soon
Come on, let's fucking go and who?
Did you like what you said?
comment and when you stay a week
Taking the name I'm just making a video
To date what has been losing my
time to wake up an hour you wait
which she did not take as this power to
ford botafogo champion for lying on 1st
from April to the screen we are together is the
next